#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements/base.in
#
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk-assets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk-aws-apigateway==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-batch==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions==1.95.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
aws-cdk-aws-codebuild==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-codecommit==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-cognito==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb==1.95.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
aws-cdk-aws-ec2==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-ecr==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecs==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-efs==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk-aws-events==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-events-targets==1.95.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-iam==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-kinesis==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-kms==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
aws-cdk-aws-lambda==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-logs==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-route53==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-s3==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
aws-cdk-aws-sam==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-signer==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-sns==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-sqs==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk-aws-ssm==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
aws-cdk-core==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-custom-resources==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
aws-cdk-cx-api==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-core
aws-cdk-region-info==1.95.2
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-core
aws-cdk-yaml-cfn==1.95.2
    # via aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
awscli==1.27.142
    # via -r requirements/base.in
boto3==1.26.142
    # via -r requirements/base.in
botocore==1.29.142
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via jsii
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.4
    # via awscli
constructs==3.4.307
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
docutils==0.16
    # via awscli
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via cattrs
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via jsii
invoke==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.82.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   aws-cdk-yaml-cfn
    #   constructs
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   aws-cdk-yaml-cfn
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via rsa
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via awscli
requests==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
rsa==4.7.2
    # via awscli
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
typing-extensions==4.6.2
    # via jsii
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
