#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements/dev.in
#
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk-assets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk-aws-apigateway==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-batch==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions==1.95.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
aws-cdk-aws-codebuild==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-codecommit==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-cognito==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb==1.95.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
aws-cdk-aws-ec2==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-ecr==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecs==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-efs==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk-aws-events==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-events-targets==1.95.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-iam==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-kinesis==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-kms==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
aws-cdk-aws-lambda==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-logs==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-route53==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-s3==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
aws-cdk-aws-sam==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-signer==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-sns==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-sqs==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk-aws-ssm==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
aws-cdk-core==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-custom-resources==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
aws-cdk-cx-api==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-core
aws-cdk-region-info==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-core
aws-cdk-yaml-cfn==1.95.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
aws-lambda-logging==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
awscli==1.27.142
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
boto3==1.26.142
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
botocore==1.29.142
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsii
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via black
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   awscli
constructs==3.4.311
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
coverage[toml]==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest-cov
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   awscli
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   cattrs
    #   pytest
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.87.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
google-auth==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
identify==2.5.24
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsii
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest
invoke==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.82.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   aws-cdk-yaml-cfn
    #   constructs
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mock==5.0.2
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   black
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via black
pipdeptree==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pre-commit==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
protobuf==4.23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   aws-cdk-yaml-cfn
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
py==1.11.0
    # via tox
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httplib2
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
pytest-env==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
    #   jsii
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   awscli
    #   pre-commit
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/tox.txt
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   awscli
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   tox
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox==3.28.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
typing-extensions==4.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsii
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/../function_requirements/common-requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.23.0
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
